FCC says:
The 'repeating-linear-gradient()' function is very similar to 'linear-gradient()' with the major difference that 
it repeats the specified gradient pattern. 'repeating-linear-gradient()' accepts a variety of values, 
but for simplicity, you'll work with an angle value and colour stop values in this challenge.

The angle value is the direction of the gradient. Colour stops are like width values that mark where a transition takes place,
and are given with a percentage or a number of pixels.

In the example demonstrated in the code editor, the gradient starts with the colour yellow at 0 pixels which blends
into the second colour blue at 40 pixels away from the start. Since the next colour stop is also at 40 pixels,
the gradient immediately changes to the third color green, which itself blends into the fourth colour value red as that
is 80 pixels away from the beginning of the gradient.

For this example, it helps to think about the colour stops as pairs where every two colours blend together.

0px [yellow -- blend -- blue] 40px [green -- blend -- red] 80px

If every two colour stop values are the same colour, the blending isn't noticeable because it's between the same colour,
followed by a hard transition to the next colour, so you end up with stripes.

This is the initial code:
<style>

  div{
    border-radius: 20px;
    width: 70%;
    height: 400px;
    margin:  50 auto;
    background: repeating-linear-gradient(
      90deg,
      yellow 0px,
      blue 40px,
      green 40px,
      red 80px
    );
  }

</style>

<div></div>

The task required me to make stripes by changing the 'repeating-linear-gradient()' to use a gradient angle of 45deg,
then set the first two colour stops to yellow, and finally the second two colour stops to black.

This was my code:
div{
    border-radius: 20px;
    width: 70%;
    height: 400px;
    margin:  50 auto;
    background: repeating-linear-gradient(
      45deg,
      yellow 0px,
      yellow 40px,
      black 40px,
      black 80px
    );
  }
  
You should see the colour changes in the testing environment.
As you progress through it might seem like it is getting a lot more difficult especially
when you are hearing terms that you might've heard in mathematics or statistics however it is really
and truly just small things which allow for granular changes so that you can create a vision and tick
off every single specific that you might set for it.
Just rememeber that practice makes perfect.
